Windows & Baidu Deprecation (#3343)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/archive/windows_deprecation.md

{% alert warning %}
The Braze Windows SDK is deprecated as of March 21, 2022.

* **March 23, 2022** No new Windows Apps can be created in the Braze Dashboard

> * **September 15, 2022** No new messages can be sent to Windows Apps. No changes to existing messages and data collection.

Author: ```suggestion
* **September 15, 2022** No new messages can be sent to Windows Apps. Existing messages and data collection are unaffected.
```
